---
title: "Bandit level 34 does not exist yet; the end?"
date: 2025-04-15 11:25:00 +0530
categories: [CTF]
tags: [CTF, overthewire]
---

The light at the end of the tunnel! It’s been quite a journey sailing through this overthewire CTF. I didn't start this adventure with a checklist or a ticking clock. Nah, I jumped in just for fun! And let me tell you, it was a riot! Some days, I completely forgot I was even playing. But hey, that's the beauty of it—no stress, just pure fun.

If you are thinking about giving it a try, here is some stuff to know before you start. And for those who are busy or just chilling, here is a quick summary of what I figured out. 


First things first, let’s talk about what the overthewire bandit is all about. 

It’s basically a game called CTF (capture the flag). The game is split into levels, starting from 0 and going up. Each level has a key that you need to unlock the next one. If you are new to cybersecurity and want to learn the basics, this game is perfect for you. It helps you get a good grasp of the fundamentals. 

The majority of the challenges revolved around Linux. As you progress, you will also encounter tasks related to encoding, GitHub, etc. 

The key takeaway here is to always keep track of the keys you find. Make sure to write them down in a text file. You will need these keys to unlock the next levels. Trust me. It’s crucial!


I learned this the hard way when I got a bit lazy after completing level 15. I took a break and forgot to save the key. When I wanted to pick up where I left off a few days later. I was stuck without the key to level 15. So, guess what? I had to start all over again from level 1. 

I made that mistake not once, but twice. Trust me, restarting over and over again is no fun at all. 


Oh, and here is a heads-up; don’t bother trying to find the keys online. I gave it a shot, and guess what? The keys change, so it’s a total waste of time. Just take my advice and keep those keys safe and sound. You will thank me later!

Don’t even bother asking me for the keys - I’m not giving it up. Not because I am being stingy or trying to keep the fun to myself. Nope, it’s because I can’t find the darn file! Yep, I lost it. Talk about a major facepalm moment. 

That’s a lowdown you need before diving into this CTF adventure. 

Now, for all you lazy bums out there or those who like to pretend they are too busy for fun. 


### Here is a quick overview of what you will encounter. 

Starting with level 0, it’s all about connecting to machines using SSH. From there, levels 1 through 10 are about mastering basic Linux commands. Don’t sweat it if you are new to this stuff- overthewire gives you hints and Google is your friend for finding those commands. 

Once you hit level 10, get ready for some encryption action. 

You will be tackling challenges where you will need to encrypt and decrypt files. Also, there is a mix of zip file puzzles thrown into the mix, so don’t forget your unzipping skills. 

Levels 12 and 13 are where the real fun begins. I mean, I was so into them, that I even thought about blogging about my experience. But let’s be real here, writing about unzipping files isn’t exactly the most thrilling topic.


But seriously, once you get the hang of it, it’s a breeze. 
<br>
> And here is the pro tip: try creating a script for these levels. I went with bash, feel free to use your favorite programming language. 
{: .prompt-info}

Moving on from level 13, you meet local hosts and ports. 

Oh, and I almost forgot to mention, the file compression challenges. I didn’t like them. In those challenges, you face a bunch of random data in one file and another bunch in another file. Your mission?

Compare the data and find the key hidden within. 

Now, for a little hint: use the good old `diff` command. It will make your life a whole lot easier. 

From level 19 onward, it’s the area of permissions. Then, at level 21 it’s all about cronjobs. Another little tip: when creating a file, make sure to use the directory /tmp/. It’s a safe haven for your creations. 

I have penned down my experiences with levels 24-25 and 25-26. 
Check out the link

https://green51lv3r.github.io/posts/blog-01/
<br>
https://green51lv3r.github.io/posts/blog-02/

Level 27 throws us a curveball with some new challenges. Here, we have to clone the git repo and sniff out the hidden key.

It’s a bit trickier than it seems. You have got to really wrap your head around how git repositories function. Understanding logs and commands is key to cracking this puzzle. 

And finally, we reach the last level: level 33. You log in, and there is that message telling you that there is no more level to play. I don’t know about you, but I was expecting something grand. Instead, all I get is an under-construction sign. 

But it's not the end of the road. Who knows? Maybe they will add more levels in the future. And they might prepare a grand ending. 
Plus, there are other warzones to explore– six in total. So let’s not dwell on what’s behind us instead let’s forge ahead to the next warzone. 

I will see you there. 


<br>
If you've enjoyed my content or found value in what I do, I'd really appreciate your support. If you're interested, you can now buy me a coffee through the link below. Your support means a lot and helps me continue creating and sharing more.


Stay tuned for more chapters from my OverTheWire odyssey. Until then, keep coding, keep exploring, and keep chasing those flags – both virtual and metaphorical!"

<script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdnjs.buymeacoffee.com/1.0.0/button.prod.min.js" data-name="bmc-button" data-slug="securitywithme" data-color="#40DCA5" data-emoji=""  data-font="Cookie" data-text="Buy me a coffee" data-outline-color="#000000" data-font-color="#ffffff" data-coffee-color="#FFDD00" ></script>

<script data-name="BMC-Widget" data-cfasync="false" src="https://cdnjs.buymeacoffee.com/1.0.0/widget.prod.min.js" data-id="securitywithme" data-description="Support me on Buy me a coffee!" data-message="" data-color="#40DCA5" data-position="Right" data-x_margin="18" data-y_margin="18"></script>

For CyberSecurityWithMe Newsletter
https://cybersecuritywithme.substack.com/

Medium Blog
https://medium.com/@cybersecuritywithme

