---
title: "Note From Author"
date: 2025-08-01 10:45:00 +0530
categories: [Author Note]
tags: [notes]
---

# Note From Author

## 🔖 Disclaimer & Reminder

First of all, welcome to the blog!
If you're reading this, it probably means you're curious about my opinions—or you're one of the early readers, since this is the very first blog post I’m writing.
There might not be anything groundbreaking here, but I feel this note is important, especially for anyone who might misinterpret what I write.
I truly believe in the words of Marcus Aurelius:

> “Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.”
{: .prompt-quote}

### A Few Things to Keep in Mind

This blog is a personal space where I share my thoughts, experiences, and opinions. Whether I'm writing about cybersecurity, books, videos, articles, or just general topics, it all comes from my own understanding and exploration at the time of writing.

- These are **my personal views**. They may not reflect the views of others—and that’s perfectly fine.
- I **mean no harm or offense**. Nothing I share is intended to target or disrespect any person, group, or organization.
- I’m **still learning**. My views may evolve over time as I gain new knowledge and experiences.
- I **welcome respectful discussion** and corrections.
- Take what resonates with you—and if something doesn’t, feel free to skip it or share your thoughts respectfully.


Please read with an open mind.
 *I write not to preach, but to reflect and connect.*